# Defining a customer Microjourney

## [Pega Express delivery approach](https://academy.pega.com/topic/pega-express-delivery-approach/v4/in/29826/29936/30201)

### Pega Express
  Pega Express is an agile approach that uses design thinking practices to capture the customer journey and quickly deliver a **Minimum Loveable Product (MLP)**

  - **Deliver one goal:** Pega Express focuses on delivering one goal at a time rather than developing the entire customer journey at the start
  - **Pillars of MLP release:** To define an MLP release, following are the 3 core pillars of a great application
    - Microjourneys
    - Personas and channels
    - Data and interfaces.

### Microjourneys
  With Pega Express, a customer journey is broken smaller pieces called **Microjourneys**

  **Scenario:**  a customer wants to change their address.

  - **Starts at:** Customer request to change address
  - **Ends at:** Customer address is updated in the company records

### Personas and channels
  - **Personas:** It determine who interacts with the application. E.g.: Customer, Employee etc.
  - **Channels:** It determine how a persona interacts with the application. E.g.: Web portal, Chatbot etc.

### Data and interfaces
  - **Data:** Data is the information that the Microjourney interacts with to accomplish the customer's goal. E.g.: Customer's address
  - **Interface:** Interface defines where the data comes from or where it is persisted. E.g.: Pega System/External database

---

## [Case Life Cycle](https://academy.pega.com/topic/case-life-cycle-design/v3/in/29826/29936/30201)

### A business view of work
  - **Traditional method:** Each department uses its own system, so work is slow and information doesn’t flow easily.
  - **Pega method:** All departments use one connected system, so work is faster and smoother.

### Case types and cases
  - **Case Type:** It is an abstract model of a business transaction. E.g.: **Order processing case type:** Order online, process the order & deliver it
  - **Case:** It is an abstract model of a business transaction. E.g.: **Case:** Person A placed the order, it is processed and delivered to him.

### Case life cycle
  The case life cycle models the path your case follows to resolution
  
  The major building blocks of the case life cycle are
  - **Stages:** 
      - Stages represent the case transfer from one caseworker to another or a significant change in the case status. 
      - E.g.: Submission, Processing, and Delivery.
  - **Processes:** 
      - Processes contain a series of tasks, or steps, that users complete as they work on the case.
      - Each stage can contain one or more processes. 
      - E.g.:Place Order, Process Order, and Ship Items are processes.
  - **Steps:**
      - A step is either a user action or automated action within a process performed by the application. 
      - E.g.: Enter customer details is a step in the Place Order process

---

## [Case Life Cycle design](https://academy.pega.com/topic/case-life-cycle-design/v3/in/29826/29936/30201)

### Business process modeling
  - **Create stage:**
    - The first stage in the case life cycle
    - It cannot be deleted or repositioned in the case life cycle.
    - Cases that include the Create stage are persisted by default and are assigned a case ID upon case creation
  - **Primary stage:**
    - Primary stages are stages that lead to an expected outcome.
    - Primary Path: The path that a case takes through the case life cycle without deviating from the primary stages is called the primary path.
  - **Resolution stage:**
    - The last stage in the case life cycle.
    - Every case type should have at least one resolution stage.
    - A case type can have more than one resolution stage if you define an alternate path for your business process
  - **Alternate stage:**
    - Alternate stages are stages that handle deviations from the primary path
    - Alternate stages are optional and represent a negative resolution stage or are used for exception handling to allow the case to reenter the primary path when the exception is handled.
  - **Create processes:**
    - By default, the Create stage contains a Create process
    - The steps in the Create process should capture initial data.
    - You can add a channel-specific Create process
  - **Collect information step:**
    - Collect information steps are steps that require user action
    - Create processes that are not channel-specific can only include Collect information steps.
  - **Parallel process:**
    - You can configure two or more processes that users can perform in any order as parallel processes
    - For example, the Onboarding case contains a Create IT Setup process to provide a configured laptop to the new employee and a Create Facilities Setup process to assign an office to the new employee
  - **Automation step:**
    - Automation steps are steps performed by the system

### Stage transitions
  - **Automatically move to next stage:**
    - When all steps in a primary stage are complete, the case automatically transitions to the next primary stage by default.
    - When users complete all the processes in one stage, the next stage begins.
    - This option is not available for alternate stages.
  - **Wait for a user action:**
    - when all stage processes are complete, the case worker receives the option to complete the stage. 
    - This option is available for both primary and alternate stages.
  - **Resolve the case:**
    - when all stage processes are complete, the case automatically resolves.
    - This option is available for both primary and alternate stages.

### Stage transitions with automations
  - **Change stage automation** steps to transition the case progression to a specific stage automatically. 
  - This type of configuration is most useful for automated transitions to and from alternate stages.

---

## [Multi-step Forms](https://academy.pega.com/topic/multi-step-forms/v2/in/29826/29936/30201)
  - Forms spanned across multiple pages rather than huge single page.

### Multi-step form navigation
  - Horizontal Navigation: Horizontally oriented navigation menu
  - Vertical Navigation: Vertically oriented navigation menu
  - Standard Navigation: Standard Sumbit/continue button for next screens

## [Draft mode](https://academy.pega.com/topic/draft-mode/v2/in/29826/29936/30201)
  - **Drafe mode:** By default, case type built in App studio is in Draft mode
  - **Guardrail violation:** Before moving code to production, draft mode should be turned off, otherwise, it will result in the violation
  - **Review case type error:** App studio displays list of issues, once all of them are resolved, automatically the draft mode will be turned off.

